I've investigated it.
The force behind the plaque is most likely the Pantheon.
What Pantheon?
Yes, they are except for Chiwewa's flag chair.
There are many people in the army and the center of the building.
You can go to the Pantheon.
So my goal is to do all of this.
Just to stop it backstage.
And the pieces they planted inside the building were completely rescued.
Absolutely.
But I didn't expect the engagement party today.
Your reaction will stop him.
I thought it was safe.
It's not what you think.
The goal of my approach to Schweiwa was to completely eradicate this cancer.
Solve these hazards for the building once and for all.
But I need your cooperation.
What do you want me to do?
I need you to work with me.
Let them eat so they trust you.
My two brothers have completely turned their backs on each other.
Don't even mind hurting you
So they won't have reservations in front of me
Of course I'm going to show those arranged wives in front of me.
Then we'll catch the cicadas.
The Prince is in the back.
Catch them all.
No problem, I will try my best to cooperate with you, but
This will make you tired and successful.
Just two great generals to the temple of ten thousand gods
I'll arrest anyone.